Quite a few belts. All you want is what makes you handsome?
You Shuaishuai are a war money gun.
But the war money gun. This one is injured,
taste divine jade,
Pretending to be a local army,
As a son who bought sex,
There should be some slight words from Han as the leader of the local army.
Very good, almost a punch,
Taste Divine Jade, Fake Earth Army,
You should be beaten to death. No mercy,
Showing mercy is disrespectful to the Earth Army.
You blame me for a piece of divine green
I asked your father to accompany you and you still pretended, I'm waiting right
This stinking province
Move my chest
Also pretending to be Dijun
He simply doesn’t take the earth into consideration
May I ask everyone here to take their seats?
Thinking and being
Dongbo relatives, family, Ye family, family members, I
The West Beijing District of the God of War family is subject to the general and me, oh my dice
As a young family member
The contract is willing to join forces with me
Face this stinky province
How about getting everyone here well?
Did you hear that?
Don't even think about getting out alive, Your Majesty.
Brother-in-law, she didn’t mean it
And in the most ignorant of death
I'm sure you'll look back
Why do you value her?
Even if her father comes today
I can't save this precious son either.
I will choose one and use it myself.